feat!: Update llama guard and translation convenience function (#1007)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/five-spoons-grin.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration': major
---

> [Compatibility Note] `buildLlamaGuardFilter()` function is renamed to `buildLlamaGuard38BFilter()` function and now requires `type` parameter to distinguish between `input` and `output` filter configuration and accepts filter categories as an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatibility Note] `buildLlamaGuardFilter()` function has been renamed to `buildLlamaGuard38BFilter()`. It now requires a type parameter to distinguish between `input` and `output` filter configurations, and accepts filter categories as an array.
```
